Mithril update 2025-07-09 (#620)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-07-09-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-07-09-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> 
> This week, the Mithril team kept implementing the fake DMQ node to facilitate end to end testing of the decentralized signature diffusion, and worked on the certificate chain synchronization in the follower aggregator. They also completed the era transition support in the clients, activated the support for Linux ARM binaries in the CI, and worked on preparing the upgrade to the Cardano node v.10.5.
> 
> Finally, they completed the upgrade of the repository for the Rust 2024 edition and progressed with refactoring the STM cryptographic library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the mock DMQ node to support end-to-end testing of decentralized signature diffusion and worked on certificate chain synchronization in the follower aggregator. They also completed era transition support in the clients, enabled Linux ARM binary support in the CI, and began preparing for the upgrade to Cardano node v.10.5.

Finally, they upgraded the repository to the Rust 2024 edition and made progress refactoring the STM cryptographic library.
```
